when Cherry writes a lot of knowledge
drop in their entirety keep up with
everything that you think that some of
the recap first of all one of the
important things is that you are running
a business and Hill has said the same
thing when he first got nine you know me
you didn't read it as a business use
candidate in Iran and once he started at
like eight business so you are running a
business is one of the key things that
man is here amongst many other things
keep that in mind that you're running a
business she is providing daily she is
connecting with people she's training
her customers are so we do have a
question can you talk to the two styles
for the type which post their monthly
income and said you can do this too and
the type that it may be such as I do any
thoughts on there so you want to grab
that question me and I am sure I think
it's very encouraging to see that I
posted modest a year ago and 23 hours
you know I made by I hit my target my
first target which was $500 and I was
like thrilled about that I was hoping
for a thousand the first day it took a
little longer and that caused people
were busy they have live and whatever in
those are just arbitrary you know there
are arbitrary target they're meaningless
and then put it in the studio not in the
faculty lounge but in the studio because
a lot of people who are just getting
started the faculty lounge people that
are already doing it and I was excited
about it and I go on and celebrate
everybody's $5 first they'll you know
kind of thing to do but it's very
encouraging
think for others to see it can be done
now do they cover the next question all
comments are filled in with how did you
do this what works for one person is so
not gonna work for the next person you
know it's really there were tons of
courses of how to make it on you know me
how to make a living on you to me and if
you go take ten of them you're going to
get 10 different perspectives on it from
ten different angles and unfortunately
there is no one course that's going to
tell you I tell you
if you really want to go take the free
youtube and watch all 47 videos like
ideas are in the business of you but
understood business on marketing before
I ever watched them another question of
just posted here about this idea
25 coupon so first of all people had a
lot of misconceptions about just how
fast free coupons but setting aside the
number of coupons I want to go back to a
point that me and just a few minutes ago
when she launched her course he gave a
deep discount and I don't care if it's
free it's the same idea that you target
your audience and may have made this
that she made sure that when she got
this course out there she got her people
she got into her audience because she
knew the day would take the course they
would engage in it in there would be the
ones likely to give reviews so far is
read your address one thing there's a
huge deal for free
huge not give him one well I have given
a couple of free ones like pretty and
that's the reason that I have videos for
$1 instead of real mom program I will
never giving things away for free to the
public it's never going to happen
because when you give it for free if you
if you give people something for nothing
that's what they think of it and I don't
want to train my audience to do the deep
if you can train their audience that way
I'm not going to train my audience that
way if people are lucky enough to hit a
you to me so I'm gonna promote the black
party saying I'm not doing it you know
me stirring up tell them all along
got cubans they have a time limit these
will run out and it's not it's not that
scare SeaTac its me training my audience
that don't wait to buy something from me
don't wait for a sale it's going to be
very rare that that happens I do the
Black Friday thing I do it once a year
and I don't do it again so I have cubans
for people who are already spending
money with me in this whole thing about
putting up for you got me on a soapbox
now
about giving away free stuff you get
John people you get junk reviews you get
people who never take your course it
hurts your stats I think the whole free
beefing or maybe it's worth with energy
values everything now and the consumer
that goes into you mad you to me and
doesn't know how this circus works they
go to court and they say there's a
thousand people in it when I put up play
out there were I was in a race with a
couple of other folks to get the play of
course first they already held thirty
courses so they pulled on all those
students from within you to me and say
hey I got another court over your so
they were already pulling trust people
into it they got for free they got a
thousand people in there that got one
review maybe ten people were taken the
course that of a thousand you know God I
don't know a hundred students or
something and one of our courses 8
reviews and I've got most of my people
are actually taking the course and
finishing and that's what triggered you
too may decide the fate back is coming
even and you're already been there a
couple of months and you are a top
instructor Don trip in the wires with
you to me and I think all bugs John
remarks marked amber Weigel said the
stage when you give it for free you're
going to get those one into star review
you know a mock-up of pop star review
from somebody but stuff happens wonder
what what I can hear the majority of
them are great people can rebuild that
they do it on Amazon and other places
all the time they're going to resonate
with what they resonate well and have a
preponderance of evidence so huge
difference and giving your what I don't
believe in that and I hope I don't ever
have to do it I am gonna put cubans up
on all the cuban fights when I figure
that out I'm still figuring out the
affiliate marketing I had two people
immediately
the day after my lab course Walt
immediately thought of as a billion to
resell it if I had it on my own
membership we all make more money but
this is a long term thing and I've gotta
look past just those two people you know
yeah so as far as I
in this is I told her she was a pistol
at the beginning to get ready for the
ride so she's not afraid to share you
know what works for you
idea what you're gonna give it to
clients
you gotta testings out you gotta see
what works for you and I've done a whole
bunch as you can see I'm just an idiot
and I'm not an idiot but I'm ignorant
about that part of the business works
maybe all figured out change my mind
later because obviously it's working for
them but I have a business outside of
you to me that I have to stay true to
his wife and four me right this minute
that's not working
may change my mind absolutely you know
and I'm with me as well when I launched
my first course on you to me I went I
didn't post it in the studio get the
free and I'll tell you as a whole lot of
fun like those emails coming through and
all these people signing up and i felt
like i was something big but I got it
almost 1,500 students that I have in
there you know when you look at it
there's maybe three percent of those
students that have even started it so
there there's thousands haven't even
started the course and i cant my
promotion on that basis of students is
worth way you say called Bob kiss which
means
ok so what works for you give it a shot
and you'll be able to learn as you go as
far as whether reviews were gonna be
buying the course of course it's got
10,000 students and it has got to
reviews insurer may be there five star
reviews
got 10,000 students but then look at the
course that like me and it's got a
hundred but it's got 20 reviews in there
right
views which are you more likely to take
are you gonna be fooled by the one that
has to 10,000 but only to review a long
day but the reviews matter a lot
absolutely matter when you see the
record it's actually got a high
percentage reviews and it s gonna make
much more of a difference for you then
if you gotta not true for everybody
thought nothing at all the time there's
plenty of reviews several negative ones
people buy it anyway and then come back
and put their own negative review on it
people are people you know it's just
can't make blanket statements about how
that's going to work because it's gonna
work different for everybody and even
for you course to course of course it's
gonna work differently and depend on how
you market it what kind of trouble
building are you building people who
don't value anything you know I gave up
working with the brand new site owners
who have the low pay high demand I want
everything for free
mindset her not ready to be in business
go get my daughter videos you know so
it's gonna work differently for
everybody and if you build the tribe who
values what you do they don't mind
paying for their views when I Afghan all
bad guy said look I gave you something
about you would you give it its an equal
trade give me something about you this
helps me do better on you to me please
help support my business you know they
do and I hear that no hope it comes
across that way